[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys it's margo j
rathbun from
authenticshealthwellness.com i'm
certified as a nutritional therapy
practitioner
and i'm also the nutrition contributor
for perez hilton's fitprez.com
and parazitos.com so in this nutritional
episode
i'm going to share with you guys a
fantastic recipe that i just found
on haley duff's website real
realgirlskitchen.com
now if you haven't checked out her
website i highly recommend that you do
so
because she's got a lot of delicious
recipes that use authentic ingredients
that contribute to health
so we are going to be making a salad
that she recently
posted on her website it's a spicy
fatouche salad and you can serve it with
some pita bread you can bake it in the
oven
maybe add a little olive oil to that
bread and you can also just eat the
salad
alone just as it is because it's
delicious
it uses authentic clean ingredients that
are loaded with vitamins and minerals
and it's so easy and delicious that your
whole family is gonna love it even picky
eaters
so let's talk about what goes into this
amazing salad
first of all you're gonna need some
romaine lettuce i would say anywhere
from one to two cups depending on how
much
leafy green veggies you want to put in
it and romaine lettuce is fabulous
because it's a good source of vitamin c
of beta-carotene iron calcium folate
and dietary fiber which is important for
maintaining a healthy digestive system
in addition to the romaine lettuce
you're going to need one cucumber this
is a big one so i'm probably
going to just use about half of that and
cucumbers are fantastic because
they're loaded with potassium mag
magnesium fiber
folate vitamin a and we're also going to
use about one or two tomatoes i'm going
to use three of these fresh tomatoes
here
tomatoes are a great source of lyzapine
which is great for promoting
or for preventing prostate cancer and a
vitamin c
and antioxidants so they're going to
help keep you well as we go through cold
and flu season
we're also going to use about one cup of
fresh radishes i love radishes i snack
on them all the time
because they're loaded with vitamin c
they're also a good source of fiber of
phosphorus and
zinc and we're going to use the juice
from about half of a lemon so it's going
to give our
our dish a little added boost of vitamin
c in addition to all these ingredients
we're going to use about half a cup of
flat leaf parsley
i love parsley because not only does it
promote fresh breath
it's also a great source of vitamins k c
and a
and folate so we love that and we're
going to add a little bit about half a
cup
of fresh dill dill is awesome because
it's full of manganese
iron and magnesium and about i'd say
half a cup of fresh mint
and mint is great not only because it
tastes amazing and helps to freshen your
breath
but it's also great for soothing upset
stomach
and it can help with headaches so we've
got a lot of fantastic ingredients that
promote health that we're going to put
into this dish
okay so i've gone ahead and i thoroughly
washed all my ingredients i've chopped
up all the vegetables
you can see that i've got a beautiful
mixture of the romaine lettuce
in here the chopped up cucumbers about
two
uh full ripe chopped up tomatoes you can
also use heirloom tomatoes to give it a
nice beautiful color to the salad
so i've got this mixture here i'm gonna
go ahead and dump in my dill
just kind of give it a nice sprinkle i
love the dill because it gives it such a
refreshing clean taste almost like a
summer salad which is perfect for these
dark dreary months
then i'm going to go ahead and add my
mint all chopped up
so beautiful give it a nice fresh taste
i love radishes i actually use a lot
more radishes just because they're so
delicious crispy and like we've talked
about they're a great source of vitamin
c
so i went ahead and i've added that to
my mixture and of course the flat leaf
parsley
it really complements the mint nicely
and gives the salad a nice cool
crisp texture so i'm going to go ahead
and squeeze in
my lemon just a little bit kind of
eyeball it i love citrus so i'm going to
add a little bit more
again lemon gives the salad a nice
healthy dose of vitamin c
and just for something extra this wasn't
in haley's original recipe
but i'm going to go ahead and add about
a tablespoon of black chia seeds just to
give it some added protein
some omega-3 fatty acids and a nice
boost of calcium
potassium and magnesium so we love chia
seeds you won't even taste it just adds
a little bit of texture to this salad uh
next i'm going to go ahead and dump in
my olive oil
just plain cold pressed organic oil
olive oil
is the best way to go i'm going to use
some spicy
some spicy just seasoning you can get
anything that really suits
your flavor your palette just kind of
dash it on in there
some sea salt a little bit of sea salt
there and sea salt is great because it's
got trace minerals so we always are
looking for ways
to incorporate more minerals here's some
black pepper
and just give it a nice toss there and
it's so beautiful with the radishes
the chia seeds really give it a nice
texture a nice depth
and voila
there's your salad super easy to make
not a lot of ingredients not a lot of
prep time
full of nutrients lots of vitamins lots
of minerals
and almost everybody in your family is
probably going to love this i know a lot
of picky eaters especially kids
that are huge fans of the salad and they
don't even know that they're eating
health food
so thank you hailey for this awesome
recipe again be sure to check out her
website realgirlskitchen.com
and visit my website
authenticselfwellness.com
for more nutrition tips and recipes
until next time thank you for watching
have a happy and a healthy day